little less least
broad broader broadest
grave graver gravest
bright brighter brightest
heavy heavier heaviest
east easier easiest
small smaller smallest
fine finer finest
smart smarter smartest
cheap cheaper cheapest
big bigger biggest
warm warmer warmest
far further furthest
close closer closest
free freer freest
poor poorer poorest
rare rarer rarest
safe safer safest
simple simpler simplest
large larger largest
great greater greatest
late later latest
dark darker darkest
quick quicker quickest
wide wider widest
full fuller fullest
deep deeper deepest
young younger youngest
wealthy wealthier wealthiest
new newer newest
long longer longest
brave braver bravest
hard harder hardest
rich richer richest
strict stricter strictest
clean cleaner cleanest
weak weaker weakest
fair fairer fairest
short shorter shortest
high higher highest
early earlier earliest
clear clearer clearest
low lower lowest
happy happier happiest
fast faster fastest
old older oldest
strong stronger strongest
