uncommon, extraordinary
concerned, preoccupied
extraordinary, exceptional
rare, extraordinary
transnational, international
unusual, extraordinary
global, international
transnational, global
impossible, unrealistic
preoccupied, obsessed
obsessed, preoccupied
rare, exceptional
global, transnational
interesting, moving
impractical, impossible
unusual, uncommon
extraordinary, uncommon
exceptional, unusual
unusual, exceptional
preoccupied, concerned
exceptional, uncommon
obsessed, concerned
impossible, impractical
unrealistic, impossible
international, transnational
exceptional, rare
unrealistic, impractical
rare, unusual
extraordinary, unusual
impractical, unrealistic
uncommon, rare
concerned, obsessed
uncommon, exceptional
rare, uncommon
interesting, exciting
extraordinary, rare
exceptional, extraordinary
uncommon, unusual
unusual, rare
international, global
