mature, overripe
infeasible, impractical
micro, minuscule
impossible, impracticable
unrealistic, infeasible
micro, minute
microscopic, minute
micro, microscopic
microscopic, minuscule
impracticable, unrealistic
infeasible, impossible
impossible, unrealistic
overripe, mature
microscopic, smaller
microscopic, small
impractical, impracticable
micro, midget
impracticable, impossible
impractical, impossible
impracticable, infeasible
micro, tiny
impossible, infeasible
infeasible, impracticable
impractical, infeasible
overweight, fat
impossible, impractical
overweight, chubby
infeasible, unrealistic
impractical, unrealistic
ripe, mature
microscopic, micro
microscopic, tiny
unrealistic, impracticable
impracticable, impractical
unrealistic, impractical
unrealistic, impossible
microscopic, midget
ripe, overripe
overripe, ripe
mature, ripe
